.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
For support requests, please read the Support Guidelines to know where to ask: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/wiki/Support-guidelines
For general questions and design discussion, please use the Discussions page: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/discussions
Not sure if this is the right repository? Open an issue on https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf
For bug fix pull requests, please fill out the information below.
Be as detailed as possible.
-->

## Bug fix

### Fixed bug

<!-- Briefly describe the bug being fixed.
If there is a bug report issue for the bug, link to that issue.
If there is not a bug report issue for the bug, create one first and fill out all the required information there, then link to that issue from this bug fix pull request. -->

### Fix applied

<!-- Describe in detail the approach taken, tools used, etc. to identify the cause of the bug and what was done to fix it. -->

**If your pull request is a bug fix, delete this line and all the below lines.**

**If your pull request is a feature implementation, delete this line and all the above lines.**

## New feature implementation

### Implemented feature

<!-- Briefly describe the feature being implemented.
If there is a feature request issue for the feature, link to that feature.
If there is not a feature request issue for the feature, create one first and fill out all the required information there, then link to that issue from this new feature pull request. -->

### Implementation description

<!-- Describe the approach taken to implement the feature.
Provide a link to a detailed design document and discussion of that design.
Implementations without design documentation will not be accepted until design documentation has been provided and discussed.
Usually this is done via the feature request issue. -->

Commit message:

add GPG signing guide to PR template (#1)
* add GPG sign guide

Signed-off-by: ddengster <ed.fan@osrfoundation.org>

* Update .github/pull_request_template.md

Co-authored-by: Geoffrey Biggs <gbiggs@killbots.net>
Signed-off-by: ddengster <ed.fan@osrfoundation.org>

* Update .github/pull_request_template.md

Co-authored-by: Geoffrey Biggs <gbiggs@killbots.net>
Signed-off-by: ddengster <ed.fan@osrfoundation.org>

Co-authored-by: Geoffrey Biggs <gbiggs@killbots.net>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
For support requests, please read the Support Guidelines to know where to ask: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/wiki/Support-guidelines
For general questions and design discussion, please use the Discussions page: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/discussions
Not sure if this is the right repository? Open an issue on https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf
We require contributors to GPG Sign their commits. Follow the guide here to set up a GPG key and add it to your GitHub account: https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-gpg-key
A quick guide to how to sign your commits can be seen here: https://gist.github.com/mort3za/ad545d47dd2b54970c102fe39912f305
To GPG sign several commits at once (for example, if you forgot to sign some commits), you can run this command, followed by a force-push: git rebase --exec 'git commit --amend --no-edit -n -S' -i <commit before the first commit you want signed>
For bug fix pull requests, please fill out the information below.
Be as detailed as possible.
-->

## Bug fix

### Fixed bug

<!-- Briefly describe the bug being fixed.
If there is a bug report issue for the bug, link to that issue.
If there is not a bug report issue for the bug, create one first and fill out all the required information there, then link to that issue from this bug fix pull request. -->

### Fix applied

<!-- Describe in detail the approach taken, tools used, etc. to identify the cause of the bug and what was done to fix it. -->

**If your pull request is a bug fix, delete this line and all the below lines.**

**If your pull request is a feature implementation, delete this line and all the above lines.**

## New feature implementation

### Implemented feature

<!-- Briefly describe the feature being implemented.
If there is a feature request issue for the feature, link to that feature.
If there is not a feature request issue for the feature, create one first and fill out all the required information there, then link to that issue from this new feature pull request. -->

### Implementation description

<!-- Describe the approach taken to implement the feature.
Provide a link to a detailed design document and discussion of that design.
Implementations without design documentation will not be accepted until design documentation has been provided and discussed.
Usually this is done via the feature request issue. -->
